in the people youtube salty you and
Well, here we are with a new
video for the channel this time
paid two cars for his game gta san
andreas on this occasion the highs are
of the dlc called it has dirty part 1 and
part 2 the first is what saying the
styling 7 that let's say this car does not
had gone up something that is coming
youtube but I had already uploaded it to me
blog just finished insight so
I hope you like them and here I am
sharing for people who still
they did not realize that there was
also raised part 2
let's say the ls part 2 I bring you the
self called coquet black bean
honestly this car is the one that most
liked the classics that he has taken
rockstar so I hope you like them
the cars are going to be adapted there by
strikers 100% blackfin material what
that is part of students
so that your changes or autos itself
that started in the car you to you to your
taste matrero wanting to shock
front for rear shock do not give
that option because themes thank you
rear bumper not eave
in fact and to face as I told them
the tires can also be changed
so I hope you like them as well
I also hope that I like the video
because it is honestly very good about
cars and with nothing more to say to me
dismissal we will be seeing until the
next video when the bot mod or
something else in particular many
thanks for the video we see the
next my lovers of san andreas
goodbye
ace
view
sad
good friend before you go I invite you
what do you like the video for?
be going up more mod and if that
there are I like a video thank you very much
to the truth disc of heart we are going to
the next my lovers of san andreas to
God thanks